### Command Line Parameters
- `-o` outputPathFlag (default "latency-samples"): The directory path where latency samples should be written.
- `-c` configPathFlag (default "experiments/tests/aws/data-transfer.json"): Configuration file with experiment details.
- `-g` endpointsDirectoryPathFlag (default "endpoints"): Directory containing provider endpoints to be used.
- `-r` specificExperimentFlag (default -1): Only run this particular experiment.
- `-l` logLevelFlag (default "info"): Select logging level.

### JSON Configuration File Details 
You can find examples of valid experiment configurations in the folder `experiments`. Below are a table and a further discussion
 about the main elements of a configuration.

Experiment settings:
- `Sequential` (default `false`) Boolean specifying whether to run the sub-experiments in parallel or sequentially.
- `Provider` (default `aws`) String representing the provider to be benchmarked (`aws`, misc. hostname).

Sub-experiment array settings:
- `Title` Name of the directory created for the experiment.
- `Bursts` Number of bursts (groups of simultaneous requests) which the latency profiler will trigger.
- `BurstSizes` Number of requests to be sent in a burst. This is an array, e.g., `[1 2 3]` will send bursts as such: 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, etc.
- `IATType` (default `stochastic`) Whether the inter-arrival time should be `deterministic`, a `step` function or `stochastic` (Gaussian).
- `PayloadLengthBytes` Length of the payload generated by the serverless function(s).
- `IATSeconds` Seconds to wait for in-between bursts.
- `Function` (default `producer-consumer`) Instructs vHive-bench on which function image to use when deploying.
- `PackageType` Can be `Zip` (essential for image size experiments) or `Image`.
- `DesiredServiceTimes` Service times for the serverless function(s) to busy spin on.
- `Parallelism` (default `1`) Integer representing how many endpoints to use from the endpoints file for this sub-experiment.
- `Visualization` (default `cdf`) The type of visualization to create (`histogram`, `cdf`, `bar`, `all`, `none`).
- `FunctionMemoryMB` (default `128`) How much memory should the benchmarked function allocate. *Note: does not do anything with vHive*
- `DataTransferChainLength` (default `1`) Chain length to use for this data transfer experiment. If this is 1, this will be a burstiness experiment.
- `StorageTransfer` (default `false`) Should the data transfer experiment use storage (e.g., S3 or minio) for the transmission?

### Tool Output

Each object in the `SubExperiments` array of a JSON configuration file will create its own directory. Along with the title, further information appended at the end includes 
memory allocated, the IAT used, and the transfer payload (if applicable).

For example, an experiment with the title `2chain` will create a directory 
`2chain-128MB-IAT10s-10KBpayload`.
