README.md, before:

# vHive-bench ![CI Result](https://github.com/ease-lab/vhive-bench/workflows/Go/badge.svg?branch=master)
A framework for benchmarking the performance of popular serverless platforms. 

## Design
![design](design/diagram.png)

## Flow Chart
![flow chart](design/flow-chart.png)

## Data Transfer Measurement
![transfer method](design/transfer-method.png)

## Common problems

### AWS
- Code storage limit
```
Cannot update function code: CodeStorageExceededException: Code storage limit exceeded.
{
  RespMetadata: {
    StatusCode: 400,
    RequestID: "886339b1-63ae-4f80-a923-7c1ed4201b6e"
  },
  Message_: "Code storage limit exceeded.",
  Type: "User"
}
```

- Regional APIs limit `600`

- Unexplained AWS errors (solved by restarting experiment)

```
HTTP request failed with error dial tcp: lookup msi6v4vdwk.execute-api.us-west-1.amazonaws.com on 128.110.156.4:53: no such host 
HTTP request failed with error dial tcp: lookup 10m09hsby0.execute-api.us-west-1.amazonaws.com on 128.110.156.4:53: server misbehaving 
```

Commit message:

adjusted python helloworld function to vhive-bench proto

README.md, after:

# vHive-bench [![vHive-bench Pipeline](https://github.com/ease-lab/vhive-bench/actions/workflows/pipeline.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ease-lab/vhive-bench/actions/workflows/pipeline.yml) [![Docker function images build](https://github.com/ease-lab/vhive-bench/actions/workflows/image-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ease-lab/vhive-bench/actions/workflows/image-build.yml)
A framework for benchmarking the performance of popular serverless platforms. 

## Design
![design](design/diagram.png)

## Flow Chart
![flow chart](design/flow-chart.png)

## Data Transfer Measurement
![transfer method](design/transfer-method.png)

## Notes

- `Zip` packaging deployment only applies to `prodcons` images and will not support any future images.

## Common problems

### AWS
- Code storage limit
```
Cannot update function code: CodeStorageExceededException: Code storage limit exceeded.
{
  RespMetadata: {
    StatusCode: 400,
    RequestID: "886339b1-63ae-4f80-a923-7c1ed4201b6e"
  },
  Message_: "Code storage limit exceeded.",
  Type: "User"
}
```

- Regional APIs limit `600`

- Unexplained AWS errors (solved by restarting experiment)

```
HTTP request failed with error dial tcp: lookup msi6v4vdwk.execute-api.us-west-1.amazonaws.com on 128.110.156.4:53: no such host 
HTTP request failed with error dial tcp: lookup 10m09hsby0.execute-api.us-west-1.amazonaws.com on 128.110.156.4:53: server misbehaving 
```
