## Benchmarking Client
This client tests the performance of 
AWS Lambda busy-spinning microVM containers by sending requests and benchmarking the
latencies. 

### Usage (API is unstable and subject to change):
- `bursts` (default 50): Number of bursts which the latency profiler will trigger.
- `burstSize` (default 1): Number of requests to send in a burst.
(note: this is capped at 500 requests to avoid `race: limit on 8128 simultaneously alive goroutines is exceeded, dying`)
- `payloadLengthBytes` (default 5): Length of the payload generated by the lambda function.
- `lambdaIncrementLimit` (default 5e7): Increment limit for the lambda function to busy spin on.
- `frequencySeconds` (default -1, dynamic increasing): Frequency at which the latency profiler operates.
- `randomized` (default true): If true, sample deltas from a scaled and shifted standard normal distribution.
- `visualization` (default "CDF"): The type of visualization to create (per-burst histogram "histogram" 
or empirical CDF "CDF").
- `gatewaysPath` (default "gateways.csv"): Configuration file with AWS Gateway API Endpoints to make requests to.
- `outputPath` (default "latency-samples"): The directory path where latency samples should be written.

## tmux tips:
Those commands are best executed on the remote machine so that your own computer can shut down in the meantime.
- To create a new session `tmux new -s cloudlab`
- To list sessions `tmux ls`
- To detach from session `C-b d` or `tmux detach`
- To re-attach to session `tmux attach -t cloudlab`
- `Ctrl-b %` for horizontal split, `Ctrl-b "` for vertical split
- `Ctrl-b c` to create a new window, `C-b p` and `C-b n` to navigate them
- WARNING `Ctrl d` to exit a pane/window